oh man where am I wait a minute this is
a sanctuary whoa this isn't kingdom
hearts whoa whoa whoa don't be copying
other Bridgers especially ones that are
more attractive and sound much more
sexier and smarter at making better
jokes in this series oh hey there's a
crappy-looking shadow of me I wonder
what it's doing here what do you mean
what am I doing here this is my
sanctuary damn it Zell this isn't
kingdom heart what are you doing who is
this dull person you are talking to damn
it it's only been two minutes into the
series and we've already broken the
fourth wall four times oh shut up about
this stupid wall and get back to the
story I just noticed you're a girl voice
you dare Mock the girl voices yes yes I
do oh it's on
why can't I do this because you're an
idiot we're in the wrong of darkness and
I have full power over you oh crap uh I
better pull this sword
Wow
Debbie
guy was bleeding before what the hell ah
I can't believe Marty you were three
idiots guy shut up we have a mission
wait what was that mission again
flashback time
and so you have to save me and sixth
maidens what was that I was thinking
about you and Malin getting jiggy with
it ah stupid little ah I can't believe
that you're that stupid I mean come on
even a five-year-old could get into the
thick skull oh wow you guys are so
stupid I got everything whilst reading
yaoi and watching anime and drinking
whiskey what the fuck is your problem
why would you say in I think that's why
he's always so hyper or drunk I don't
know I can't tell he's so drunk he can't
even think straight it's more like blue
is the one who's always drunk come on
guys we gotta figure out where to find
the six maidens and Zelda hot sexy Zelda
and Mullen you think perverts oh come on
you haven't thought about velda and mom
together memories